# Unsupervised_model_-social_media
YouTube is the most popular and most used video platform in the world today. We are performing Unsupervised Learning technique on our dataset to cluster videos using video tags, titles and other relevant features to group videos with similar type of content. We have also drawn major insights regarding likes, dislikes , views and other metrics for our data. These insights might be useful for creators who want to increase popularity of their videos on YouTube.

DATASET:- The dataset that we will use is obtained from Kaggle. It contains data about videos from India. It contains 37352 rows and 16 columns. All columns in the dataset are complete (i.e. they have 37,352 non-null entries) except for description column which has some null values; it only has 36,791 non-null values. :- video_id: A unique identifier for each video. trending_date: The date when the video started trending. title: The title of the video. channel_title: The name of the YouTube channel that published the video. category_id: A numerical ID representing the category of the video (e.g., Music, Gaming). publish_time: The date and time when the video was published. tags: Keywords or tags associated with the video. views: The total number of views the video has received. likes: The total number of likes the video has received. dislikes: The total number of dislikes the video has received. comment_count: The number of comments on the video. thumbnail_link: A URL to the video's thumbnail image. comments_disabled: A boolean or flag indicating whether comments are disabled for the video. ratings_disabled: A boolean or flag indicating whether ratings (likes/dislikes) are disabled for the video. video_error_or_removed: A boolean or flag indicating whether the video is unavailable (e.g., due to an error or removal). description: The description text provided by the uploader for the video
